Improve layout selection UX in `createColumnsBlock` (#1384)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/yellow-dots-listen.md

---
"@comet/blocks-admin": minor
---

> UI improvements in admin of ColumnsBlock

Reviewer: This changeset is too generic IMO. Please change it to something like "Improve layout selection UX in `createColumnsBlock`."

> Improvements to the layout selection UX in createColumnsBlock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve layout selection UX in `createColumnsBlock`

Hide select when there's only one layout for a specific number of columns
```

> Change headline from "Columns" to "Items" / Only show a select box when there are multiple layouts available

Reviewer 2: This is a little vague... this will be shown in the general Comet Release-Notes (e.g.: https://github.com/vivid-planet/comet/releases/tag/v4.6.0) so it should also mention where the change is made. 

The details of this change are probably not too important anyway when updating the Comet version, so maybe it's enough to write "UI improvements in admin of `ColumnsBlock`"
